update usaco-669 (#3633)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/silver/usaco-669.mdx

[Official Analysis (Java)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_moocast_gold_dec16.html)

> ### Solution 1: DSU

Reviewer: *implementation

> The following code describes the solution from the Official Analysis.

Reviewer: official analysis doesn't have to be capitalized

<LanguageSection>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Implementation (DSU)

> The following code describes the solution from the official analysis.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</PySection>
</LanguageSection>

### Solution 2: Binary Search + BFS

An alternative solution involves using binary search and BFS.

Define a function `all_reachable(power)` that checks if all cows are reachable spending a maximum of `power` per walkie-talkie. This can be accomplished with BFS.

Notice that `all_reachable(power)` is monotonic because if all cows are reachable with a certain power level P, they will still be reachable with any power level greater than P.

Therefore, binary search can be employed to find the minimum value of `power` for which `all_reachable(power)` holds true.

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>

```cpp
#include <fstream>
#include <iostream>
#include <queue>
#include <vector>

using std::cout;
using std::endl;
using std::pair;
using std::queue;
using std::vector;

> // Function to calculate the squared distance between two points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/** @return the squared distance between 2 points */
```

int dist_sq(const pair<int, int> &p1, const pair<int, int> &p2) {
	int dx = p1.first - p2.first;
	int dy = p1.second - p2.second;
	return dx * dx + dy * dy;
}

> // Function to check if all cows are reachable given a certain power level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/** @return if all cows are reachable with the given power level */
```
